{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 OPEN:
\b0  Double click on the \'84\'93-icon\

\b START:
\b0  Chose between the following\
	- given settings\
	- own setting 			or a\
	- PDF-document\
\ul Given settings\
\ulnone Chose your grade (5th or 6th) and your knowledge (early/middle/late/everything) and than press the \'84OK\'93-button. Now you can exercise by typing in your answer next to the \'84equal\'93-sign. You can either see if you\'92re answer is correct by pressing the \'84examine\'93-button (green=correct; red=wrong), or see the answer by pressing the \'84result\'93-button, or get a new exercise by pressing the \'84new exercise\'93-button.\
\ul Own settings\
\ulnone Mark your wished arithmetic operations and choose a nesting depth (between 1 and 10) as well as an operant number between 1 and 10. Also pick your number of maximum spots (from 1 to 8) and your decimal places (from 1 to 7). Remember that your operant number has to be at least the same as your nesting depth or higher. Also remember that your amount of maximum spots has to be at least higher by 1 than the number of your decimal places. Decide whether you want to calculate with positive number only and than press ok. Now you can exercise by typing in your answer next to the \'84equal\'93-sign. You can either see if you\'92re answer is correct by pressing the \'84examine\'93-button (green=correct; red=wrong), or see the answer by pressing the \'84result\'93-button, or get a new exercise by pressing the \'84new exercise\'93-button.\
\ul PDF-document\
\ulnone Name the part of the worksheet by typing in a title into the top area. Chose the amount of subtasks (between 1 and 12) and mark your wished arithmetic operations. Choose a nesting depth between 1 and 10 as well as an operant number between 1 and 10. Also pick your number of maximum spots (from 1 to 8) and your decimal places (from 1 to 7). Remember that your operant number has to be at least the same as your nesting depth or higher. Also remember that your amount of maximum spots has to be at least higher by 1 than the number of your decimal places. Decide whether you want to calculate with positive number only and than press the \'84additional subtask\'93-button, if you want to add more exercises, than proceed just like before. When you have all your wished subtasks, generate your PDF by pressing the \'84complete\'93-button. The PDF-document will pop up immediately. }